[ADD] Payroll: Headcount report (#14562)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/payroll/headcount.rst

================
Headcount report
================

It can be helpful for companies to know how many employees are on their payroll. Additionally,
comparing headcounts between different periods of time can provide insight for management. In Odoo,
this can be done with the *Headcount* report in the **Payroll** app.

Create a headcount report
=========================

To create a headcount report, navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Headcount`.
Click the :guilabel:`New` button in the top-left corner, and a blank :guilabel:`Headcount` form
laods. The name for the report is populated on the first line, and **cannot** be modified. The name
follows the following format: `Headcount for (Company Name) on the (YYYY-MM-DD)`.

The company populates the :guilabel:`Company` field, and appears wether in a single *or*
multi-company database. The :guilabel:`From` field is populated with the current date, and the
:guilabel:`To` field is blank, by default. Modify the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` dates to
capture the headcount of the sleected dates.

.. image:: headcount/new-headcount.png
   :alt: A headcount report form filled out for the third quarter of 2025.

> When everything is configured on the :guilabel:`Headcount` form, click the :guilabel:`Populate`
> button to run the report. If the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` dates are modified, the name is
> updated to reflect the time period of the report.
> 
> A :icon:`fa-people` :guilabel:`Employees` smart button appears at the top of the screen, indicating
> the number of employees during that time period.

Reviewer: Right now, the Employees smart button with the report is buried at the end, even though it's the reason we filled out the report-- the main value. Let's try moving things around to try emphasizing the smart button more, leading with the outcome (the smart button) while maintaining the steps that it took to get there, and move the smaller details to the end.

```suggestion
Next, click :guilabel:`Populate` to generate the report.

At the top of the form, a :icon:`fa-people` :guilabel:`Employees` smart button appears. Clicking the
button displays the total number of employees for the selected period.

If the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` dates were modified, the name is updated to reflect the
time period of the report.
```

Note: after rewriting it, do you think it's necessary to mention that "If the :guilabel:`From` and :guilabel:`To` dates are modified, the name is
updated to reflect the time period of the report." ? Can't we just assume that clicking Populate will take the From and To dates that were inputted at the time of clicking the button?

Author: I like to explain everything (probably too much) because osmeitmes Odoo changes the info/name/field/etc, but osmetimes it does not. I am trying to recall when it DIDN'T do that.

Maybe I can only mention this if someting does NOT change as expected- so we can use the logic that the names are updated, and only if thereis a place it DOESN'T, then I'll call it out.

> View all headcount reports

Reviewer: if you take my suggestion for restructuring the order in how we present info above, try doing the same in this section too, so the style matches (: lmk if you'd like me to take another look!

==========================

Navigate to :menuselection:`Payroll app --> Reporting --> Headcount` to view a list of all headcount
reports in the database. This presents the :guilabel:`Headcount` dashboard, with all headcount
reports in a list view, in ascending chronological order.

Each report displays the number of employees in the :guilabel:`Employee Count` column, as well as

> who ran the report (:guilabel:`Created by`), when the report was created in the dataabase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
who ran the report (:guilabel:`Created by`), when the report was created in the database
```
